hey everyone thank you so much for
tuning in at cook with April on tasty
Tuesday
today I'm going to show you how to make
clam chowder but it's not just any
regular clam chowder it is Justin's
grandma mores clam chowder so I gave her
full credit for this recipe it's so good
I've been making this probably three
years ago yeah for you I think I have
done a good job getting the ingredients
correct so I hope you guys enjoyed let's
get started in a large pot you're going
to melt half a cup of butter and I will
include all the exact ingredients in the
information box on a blog post next
you're ready to saute until they are
brown you're ready to add a variety of
bell peppers I use yellow and I also use
red you can also use green bell peppers
if you like now you're ready to add
celery next add your seasonings you're
going to add thyme as well as bay leaves
whole and then you're going to remove
the bay leaves after staleys are usually
just for aroma and we're going to saute
for about five minutes until the onions
have perfectly brown now you're ready to
add potatoes add your potatoes and mix
that in give it a good because all those
veggies now you're ready to add the clam
juice is for all the clam juice in after
adding the clam juice you're going to
add Porchester sauce going to mix it a
little bit and you're going to go ahead
loyal this for about three minutes now
that we have oiled the clam juice with
the vegetables are ready to add your
clams if you can find fresh clams you
can use you know can clams and I like to
include the canned clams with the juice
because that's extra clam juice and
you're just going to mix that in next
we're going to mix half-and-half and
flour together and flour and half an
apple dig in
now you're ready to pour the half in
half and flour mixture make sure to
thoroughly stir and I like to heat this
up on medium for about five more minutes
and then you'll be ready to enjoy this
is completely optional but if you like a
little spice I suggest adding some
sriracha and go ahead and mix I
recommend adding less than more just
because everyone has a different spice
level and you're just going to mix that
in and after mixing Endon you're ready
to enjoy just grab yourself a bowl and
scoop yourself some delicious clam
chowder suit your clam chowder is ready
and if you like you can also garnish
with a little bit of green onions and
you're ready to enjoy all right it's
nice and ready and hot and ready to
enjoy
all right so beautiful with the green
onion garnish that you got here mmm
oh my gosh oh my gosh so good you know I
notice that you put bigger clams in it
this time I love that because sometimes
you know you have clam chowder in so
you're like stirring around trying to
find the clams
where the heck are the clams oh I love
that you add more of the ingredient that
we actually love oh this is so good and
a little bit of spice to it I'm guessing
you put through Racha in it mm-hmm yes
oh man is so fantastic this is like I
don't know this is like I really love
this kind of like soup during the fall I
don't know I feel like clam chowder is
such a perfect fall meal and I just love
taking it for work or using it for
dinner just this you
and it's good with Ritz crackers oh yeah
we need to get some like some oyster
crackers or saltines oh yeah
do we have saltines we do have oh we're
gonna have some and we had it with a
solid so that's a perfect meal from
winter I hope you guys enjoy and we'll
see you guys next time bye hi friends
everyone thank you so much for tuning in
at cook with April